README.md, before:

Start getting into the READ ME FILE

Lo Simple

Lo Simple Is an Airbnb with a less is more aesthetic.
It gives the users a preview of what it’s like to stay bringing a touch of peace, simplicity, sunlight & rejuvenation for the viewers experience.

It aims at an audience wanting to take a spring/summer break.
It is in Spain, visitors can learn about the town it’s in on the _about page.
They can see the reviews & images for the stay. To book the user navigates to the _’book’ page and goes through the booking procedure I’ve designed .

A live link to follow to the site is here

www.””

https://ui.dev/amiresponsive Image

TABLE OF CONTENTS LINKS

User Experience UX

The Airbnb is aimed at friends/ families to take time out.
The simplicity is definitely aimed at users between 21-45 because of it’s contemporary unto date furnishings.
The website provides info and booking capability for the users trip.

The Scope-
Main site goals

To provide the user with the wow factor when clicking on the page.
To make the booking system slick and easy to use.
To make they site interactive with reviews & rating.
To provide a less is more aesthetic site, which catches the same ambience as the Airbnb.
To provide the user with information.

Project Milestones-

I’ve used the MoSCoW prioritisation technique for the user stories.

Must Have
Should Have
Could Have
Won’t Have

Agile Methodology:

EPICS & User Stories

Link it to the repository where you do user stories etc.

Epic 1
Be able to sign up -

1. Set up a working form, make sure it logs the user in. MUST HAVE

Epic 2
Login/Log out of account -

1. Log in and out of Account, logging out resets the profile, logging in. MUST HAVE
2. Be able to delete account. SHOULD HAVE

Epic 3
Be able to book -

User Story
Booking calendar, make sure it shows bookings & prices. MUST HAVE
Prevent double bookings. MUST HAVE
Allow it to go to a confirmed page once clicked. SHOULD HAVE
Be able to cancel the booking. MUST HAVE

Epic 4
Contact Form -
1.Have a working form that connects via email to the admin. SHOULD HAVE

Epic 5
Map be able to operate -
Working map so the user can see location SHOULDHAVE
The map pick up the users location too, COULDHAVE

Epic 6
Reviews,

1. be able to leave a comment - COULD HAVE
2. BE ABLE TO SCROLL THROUGH AND SEE THE STAR RATING, MUST HAVE.

Epic 7
Get the Navbar working - MUST HAVE
Be able to scroll and the colour change on what page you’re own SHOULD HAVE
Have a scroll down on the login/ sign up page COULD HAVE.

Epic 8
As the user one can use complimentary colours to navigate through the website.
The website colours have continuity and the layout from bootstrap. SHOULD HAVE

Epic 9
As the developer I can create wireframes

1. Wireframes set up so we can start creating the website. SHOULD HAVE

Design

Aesthetic -

The Title-

Nav Bar-

Colour Scheme-

Imagery-

Fonts-

Wireframes-

DataBase

ERD Physical DatabaseModel

The Sample diagram was use using https://drawsql.app/

For this Django app I’ve used PostgreSQL relational database management system.

The Tables below show the structure of the PostgreSQL database,
Including tables, columns, relationships stored in the database.

Commit message:

working on aesthetic for booking page

README.md, after:

Lo Simple
Site Description:

Lo Simple Is an Airbnb with a less is more aesthetic.
It gives the users a preview of what it’s like to stay bringing a touch of peace, simplicity, sunlight & rejuvenation to the viewers experience.

It aims at an audience wanting to take a spring/summer break.
The property is located in Spain, visitors can learn about the town's to do's on the \*about page..
They can see the reviews & images for the stay. To book the user navigates to the \_’book’ page and goes through the booking procedure I’ve designed .

A live link to follow to the site is here

www.””

https://ui.dev/amiresponsive Image

TABLE OF CONTENTS LINKS

User Experience UX

The Airbnb is aimed at friends/ families to take time out.
The simplicity is definitely aimed at users between 21-45 because of it’s contemporary unto date furnishings.
The website provides info and booking capability for the users trip.

The Scope-
Main site goals

To provide the user with the wow factor when clicking on the page.
To make the booking system slick and easy to use.
To make they site interactive with reviews & rating.
To provide a less is more aesthetic site, which catches the same ambience as the Airbnb.
To provide the user with information.

Project Milestones-

I’ve used the MoSCoW prioritisation technique for the user stories.

Must Have
Should Have
Could Have
Won’t Have

Agile Methodology:

EPICS & User Stories

Link it to the repository where you do user stories etc.

Epic 1
Be able to sign up -

1. Set up a working form, make sure it logs the user in. MUST HAVE

Epic 2
Login/Log out of account -

1. Log in and out of Account, logging out resets the profile, logging in. MUST HAVE
2. Be able to delete account. SHOULD HAVE

Epic 3
Be able to book -

User Story
Booking calendar, make sure it shows bookings & prices. MUST HAVE
Prevent double bookings. MUST HAVE
Allow it to go to a confirmed page once clicked. SHOULD HAVE
Be able to cancel the booking. MUST HAVE

Epic 4
Contact Form -
1.Have a working form that connects via email to the admin. SHOULD HAVE

Epic 5
Map be able to operate -
Working map so the user can see location SHOULDHAVE
The map pick up the users location too, COULDHAVE

Epic 6
Reviews,

1. be able to leave a comment - COULD HAVE
2. BE ABLE TO SCROLL THROUGH AND SEE THE STAR RATING, MUST HAVE.

Epic 7
Get the Navbar working - MUST HAVE
Be able to scroll and the colour change on what page you’re own SHOULD HAVE
Have a scroll down on the login/ sign up page COULD HAVE.

Epic 8
As the user one can use complimentary colours to navigate through the website.
The website colours have continuity and the layout from bootstrap. SHOULD HAVE

Epic 9
As the developer I can create wireframes

Epic 10
CRUD working for the dataBase & the User.

1. Wireframes set up so we can start creating the website. SHOULD HAVE

Design

Aesthetic -

The Title-

Nav Bar-

Colour Scheme-

Imagery-

Fonts-

Wireframes-

DataBase

ERD Physical DatabaseModel

The Sample diagram was use using https://drawsql.app/

For this Django app I’ve used PostgreSQL relational database management system.

The Tables below show the structure of the PostgreSQL database,
Including tables, columns, relationships stored in the database.
